# 7.5 Angular Router & Hash Router

## 1. Description

Here are my ideas and understanding of the Angular Router process:

1. Such as React and Angular Router, they are client-side routers which have two places to parse the URL: Browser and Server. Normally, browser will send a GET Request to server to parse.
2. For our client-side routers, the first time we entry the web application is at the home page \["/"\], at this time, there is no Angular Router, so the GET Request will be directly sent to the server.
3. After the parse, server will send back a web page containing all the js code, like Angular Router and so on.
4. Then, for example, if we click a dashboard button on the navbar at this time, the URL in the browser changes to "xxxx/dashboard" and the page changes to dashboard as well. But if we refresh the page at this time, the browser will show "Cannot GET /dashboard".
5. That is because the client-side router will call the browser API -- `history.pushState` to change the URL locally, so this GET Request has not been sent to the server, there is no reload on the web page.
6. At this time, if we type in the URL manually or refresh it manually, the program will ignore the Angular Router and directly send the GET Request to the Server. And we do not have specific router to parse it, so we will get the message "Cannot GET  /dashboard". We only have the Angular Router to parse the URL.

## 2. Solution -- Hash Router

Here is a solution to it: -- change to Hash Router.

Normally, the router module is settled as the default router -- Browser Router. I change that to Hash Router, so that the new URL is like this: "xxxx/\#/dashboard", the part after "\#" will not be sent to the server, so the server can only receive the "Entry page URL" and then send back all .js code including Angular Router. The use Angular Router to parse "\#/dashboard".

In `app.module.ts` :

```typescript
  imports: [
    RouterModule.forRoot(appRoutes, {useHash: true}),
  ],
```

